Well, one, I think, to expedite the loyalty for the team, and number two, whether he
given an order, not to make a report until the committee and concluded it serious.
And if you'll ask those two separate questions, then I think the technical can proceed.
All right, President, did you give an order to expedite the 35 cases?
That includes the nine of and reinstated the question, does that understand?
No, I didn't give such an order.
I wanted to take its usual court, Senator.
Now, in respect to the nine, I want to make it clear that the reason that they were
restored the non-centred sensitivity was that we were unable to find sufficient charges
to bring charges against them.
So pending further investigation to see whether charges could be made against these
people, they were restored to non-centred jobs.
Time.
Now, how about the one that Washington was asked to reinstate to a reduced-win reinstate
in that conversation with Mr. Adams?
Well, as we had mentioned, I didn't know Adams about that.
Well, as Mr. Adams told you about that.
I don't think all that's touching the matter with him.
And because we're getting away from the other questions, we hear and can testify about the telephone call.
We'll get back to that moment, but Mr. Chairman, I have to ask you another question.
Did you ever give an order, or do you know the order was ever given by anyone else in authority,
to hold up the final deductions of the 35 cases until after the hearing had been completed?
I never gave a question order to the senator, and I don't believe anybody else did.
I like, I like also, if I made a straight-now one point with respect to the element of the car.
You've referred here to a ten month.
Actually, most of these suspension took place in the month of October.
And the mileage was actually talking about six months and not ten months.
Now, you said you didn't think that the order had been given, and you referred to the question order and you didn't get never.
Now, Mr. Steven's the other day, Mr. Cohn was trusting you in some detail about a conversation,
which you had written, Mr. Adam, while Mr. Cohn and I were present in the room.
You couldn't recall that conversation with our call at the time, just had to do with the request that General Watson
reinstate certain cases had been suspended.
Have you talked to Mr. Adam for a question or recollection on that?
No, I haven't.
I let Mr. Cohn think over the question, I feel right.
Mr. Secretary, was General Watson ever given a direction not to prefer charges against these nine people?
Not far as I know.
If I may turn, not as far as I know.
Well, if you haven't made any inquiry about that after the testimony in this room the other day,
no, not after the inquiry, after the question in the room the other day, I've specified as I'd greater length about Fort Monmouth
all the way through these last 13 days.
Yes, sir, and I thought I'd, if you could just request an answer, do I have any kind of advice from the Senate that I know?
No, I did not.
It's my point, sir.
General, I never answered with this to do it, but I think my General Watson's day, in which General Watson's meeting,
that Mr. Adam had told him over the phone that he thought he, Mr. Adam, thought General Watson
had already been released, certain security risks, and that Mr. that General Watson refused to do this,
is that I will not take the responsibility, much to Secretary say to respond to those.
After you heard that very serious charge, didn't you take that matter up with Mr. Adam?
I, I, I, I know, the suspect with him, I thought you were talking about testimony last Friday.
But I haven't had any lengthy discussion, Mr. Adam's about it.
I'm unfamiliar with the, what was said on the phone, and I think it seems to me that Mr. Monmouth was Adam talking to the
Washington on the phone, those were the two men that all the suspects were by the men on the back.
Yes sir, but I don't know what they are.
Yes sir, but Mr. Ones, I am the suspect.
A question is in the counsel.
I pay it.
The sheriff has to send him a phone.
And the sender is in my right?
And the sender is in my left?
Yes.
The sheriff's in my left?
No, sir.
The sheriff's in the secretary.
Mr. Adam's legal counsel, the nut sir.
That's right.
I would not instruct him by him to write the man, the General, the minister, the way that I am.
The minister, the reinstated security risk, wouldn't that be a very serious matter?
So I would call no conversation with Mr. Adam about that point, but he can testify on it, that's what he says about it.
I don't know about it.
My question to you, law, after you saw produced here by Mr. James, a written memorandum,
misplaced by General Lawson, making this girl that Mr. Adam had telephoned to him in November,
and airs General Lawson's a reinstated security risk, and that General Lawson had refused,
and said, let the secretary take responsibility.
How do you not inquire of Mr. Adam concerning that conversation?
I don't think I've had any secretary of touch on Mr. Adam's about it.
I think it will be a important point on Mr. Adam's testimony.
Well, sir, it might be a very important point.
We should get to New York.
All right, then, I told Mr. Adam about it.
No, no, no.
I told him.
It would be very much appreciated if we could get an answer to that question.
Now, and I wish you would also feel concerned, as well as not, these nine people,
these nine people have been restored to duty despite the regulatory information and the communist activity,
as a result of any instruction given by anyone in your office, the General Lawson.
I'll try to find out.
Very well done.
Now,
ah.
Mr. Secretary, as we were concluding on Friday, I was asking you about these monitored telephone conversations,
and I believe we were interrupted just at a point where it installed a committee that you did monitor conversations between yourself and members of Congress,
but not between yourself and people over at the White House.
I think he said the reason was that people in the Congress might want information and things of that matter.
Is that correct?
I think that's what I said, yeah.
Well, would it not be equally true, sir, that people in the White House would want the same size of information,
and that's the reason he would apply to them just as well as members of Congress?
No, I don't like a spot for science.
But you tell us what the difference with these are.
Well, it's a fairly clear question of arguments, and not relevant.
He says that he did not monitor telephone calls to the White House.
All this, I think, is purely repetition, repetition, and there's been none over many, many times.
I hope Mr. Gorn will try to get another study to do this.
Mr. Secretary, as you might remember, I was interrogating the executive session,
concerning the exact agenda of the Secretary's monitoring.
If I can't...
Sir, I suppose the point of writing is very well.
The question directly to the Secretary is to which calls are and which calls are not monitors, are appropriate.
It is not appropriate to ask him for his reasons.
After why he monitors some...
Mike, Mike, that's not Mr. Chairman, has some bearing on the issue here.
I can't see that there was a barrier to monitor telephone calls.
I can't see that there wasn't a much of a barrier to bring it out by questioning.
I don't see how that would have any bearing on it.
I'm trying to leave this term to the medicine bearing on the question,
but I know if the monocard calls will be received in heaven.
So one of the important matters to determine what an assault calls,
and the guy to this matter, are monitoring.
Chair, as hell, we have a right to interrogate our Secretary.
Yes, to which calls were monitored and which were not so that the whole committee can know exactly.
Our sense is the monitoring business of play.
Mr. Secretary, the government's question to ask him is to his reasons.
Mr. Freeman, are there any other exceptions that you can't make at this time?
No, I think I've justified on that. It's a complete blank.
The whole process has been described in the records, not once, but I think at least twice.
Yes, and we've had different testimony. I might suggest that.
The net of it is that telephone conversations were monitored with the exception of family calls and close calls of close personal friends.
And the White House and the White House.
Yes, sir. And was this monitoring without the consent of the party at the other end in violation of the letter or the spirit of a defense department?
Directly by which you were banned objection.
For a conclusion of law.
Correct, sir. When do you want to?
Yes, the question called for a conclusion of law.
Oh, I don't think it's a...
Mr. Wilk, the chair of the commission was eroded by the consent of the lady. What was the question?
Mr. Daniel, here's the question.
I heard it as well.
The question was whether or not, as I recall, the monitoring of these telephone calls is described in the 16th.
While Violet is either directly or indirectly or in the matter of the spirit, are they directly prohibiting the monitoring of calls?
Is that correct? Exactly correct. And I have to direct it in my hand.
Mr. Chairman, I do not think that's called for a question of law. Mr. Wilk said directly.
He had asked him whether or not it was the violation of a law. That is certainly correct, but the secretary knows the importance of a directive.
Well, also it involves that there are communications acts.
In that regard, what can or cannot be done about putting...
Well, that will not be the question. The question...
You and I have been trying to decide that question.
By any many days, I agree.
The matter of communication act, but the question is that there was whether or not it was violated directly.
That is the monitoring of calls.
Once again, is that a matter of construction of a written document that's for the committee rather than the witness?
I think Mr. Wilk, the secretary of the army was...
With the law of the spirit and the meaning of a directive.
I'm sure of it. That's a great...
I think it's about the presence of the sheriff.
As the whole of the defense and the property are not having any good effect.
You will certainly have 50% of the attention.
And you will have a chance.
Far behind all of those violations of nothing.
Or I will be known.
You're just as the monitoring of the statement that you know of no defense of law of the directive.
Saving in fear, certainly, that there shall be no recoits of a conversation
without the consent of the other party who's under faith.
Like, is that spirit only?
Sir, I'd like you to look at the directive and tell me whether they're creating this directive.
You think you are a thing or a disobeying the directive?
The secretary of defense is having an eavesdropper on the line without notifying the party at the other.
Mr. Collins, there was any directive at that time.
And if we're known to me, I would certainly never do anything in the way of the directive.
I'm by certain that there's no such directive out.
Go ahead.
I think that's what I have to request.
This memorandum is the title of it is, use the telephone recording device.
Yes sir.
I use no telephone recording device.
Mr. Steven, my question was the spirit of this directive and I direct your attention to the last paragraph of the directive.
A sentence which is understores.
I'm sorry, the last paragraph of the first page.
A sentence which is understores and is directed by the secretary of defense.
And I ask you to tell us whether or not that does not need to anybody reading plain English.
That's the statement.
The question now is whether or not the monitoring of these calls by the spirit of a directive.
Apparently, the secretary now is asking you to enter this spiritual realm.
And I don't think you're obsessed with the ought to be required to do it.
I held it against Mr. Wales, the little one I told that I thought Mr. Cornwood,
that last time whether or not it was by the lady of a directive.
All of it, but I don't think the secretary already called upon to censure things spiritually.
And I am now the first man.
I now hold up the question as stated in the comments.
Mr. Chairman, come.
This is how fast.
30, you have an executive meeting for 130.
And I suggest the secretary of defense to set it to documents before we move.
I move.
We read that.
Two documents.
One 30, and second is very many of them in the room.
Three two seven.
Three five seven.
And the secretary of defense is asking Mr. Welch and Mr. Steven, Mr. S. O.
And the secretary is negotiating to be present.
You have Dr. Chairman, not announced that there's so many of us holding this next session.
Public session at 230 is this afternoon.
There will of course be an executive session in room 357 at 130,
which is a whole question of expediting the hearings or cutting down a number of witnesses.
The testify will be explored.
The latest starting because the executive session has just concluded.
And we had a little while for the reporter to type out a new version of a new motion,
which Senator Durston has advised the chair he would like to discuss at this time.
Senator Durston, good evening, you.
I would like to suggest to the committee that the name of the man is from up here.
Today is very important.
The lady is alive.
She's celebrating her 30th anniversary.
She's center of the FBI.
I think we all agree that she's on a tremendous outstanding job.
I just wonder if it would not be an order for the committee as a committee.
To request her admiration,
to the graduates of the Americans, they are your hoover.
If we could do that as a committee.
Without a bet, all members of the committee was joining,
expressing their appreciation and approval of the great Americans whom we all admire.
To the committee, to the transmitters to the director of the FBI by Councilor Wenders.
I'm sure he must be following the newspapers.
I think he will get it in the paper, which will be for him.
Senator, I'm sure that Mr. Wilson comes in for the Army what a joy in these publications.
May I join all of them?
You certainly made this a good gesture.
Up to now, we're still proceeding unanimously.
Senator.
Mr. Chairman, I'm sensible and the fact that since I'm here to suggest to this morning
that some new suggestions and new ideas have occurred,
which have been incorporated in the draft,
that is, therefore, the members of the committee at the present time.
I thought, perhaps, under the circumstances that if we could make an arrangement
whereby it's just and that's at tomorrow morning,
as first order of business in the committee session,
this can be offered as a formal motion and that we can get a vote on it,
assuming that I can get a second for the motion.
And I trust one of the members of the committee will do the honor of agreeing to second this tomorrow morning.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose the second is tomorrow morning.
I'm sure it will take a few hours to do this and then the time is better to make a motion.
The second is certainly will have to find a footed after the event has been added to the opportunity.
While we've got the opportunity, most of the time it's not going to be read.
He's not making any changes.
He's going to make a motion tomorrow morning.
I'm trying to share with Mr. Chairman that's the right answer.
But that's the purpose, and I think that, yes.
That's a public information that's traveling, I think there should be read,
so that all parties and interests and everyone else is fully advised
of the text of this proposal.
And it reads and follows, and this will be a motion that will be made
as the first order of business tomorrow morning for a formal vote by the committee in public session.
I move that the testimony and secretary Stevens be concluded on the adoption of this motion.
That Senator McCartney, the general call for testimony and for direct and cross-determination.
That on the conclusion of Senator McCartney's testimony, the public hearing is legally set.
That committee counseled the instances to lay the charges and testimony,
and interview all witnesses suggested by anybody concerned,
as well as any other witnesses from the chairman of the council being necessary,
and then report a resume of the statements of all witnesses and any other fact
brought to the attention of council to the subcommittee.
Which subcommittee shall then determine whether further public hearing to the next session?
That after concluding on the testimony by Senator McCartney,
the regular subcommittee shall resume its normal functions under the rules of the Senate,
with respect to any matter is not related to the pending controversy.
And that subcommittee counsel concludes his survey and makes his report to the subcommittee
not later than June 10, 1954.
I doubt whether this needs any elaboration on my thoughts as to chairman.
If done in the interest of the expedition and I think the public well-being,
and I continue to call that one of this matter is considered tomorrow morning formally
as a motion that he will today.
I'll be pretty nervous, but I'd like to be heard before you proceed with the...
Why do you have to express the channel? I think it's going to be a problem.
To advise with Chair and others who may be innocent,
but I shall oppose this motion.
I shall offer a substitute.
This motion I have not yet prepared to substitute, but since it's the offered in the morning,
this motion is that by its author and those who may support it,
is designed to shorten the hearing.
In my opinion, it will have just the opposite effect.
It will delay and hold on, may guarantee, within definitely.
I shall oppose it primarily upon the ground in addition to that.
That is, the lines are right, all printable to this controversy,
some who are accused of having the opportunity to testify in a kick in open and public hearing.
When it seems the charges may be exempt, it also denies them the opportunity
to appear and support by testimony the charges they have made against us.
Let's just tell this motion that will not be revised.
It will only be deemed then further debate,
made a termination of violations before this country, and I repeat again.
There are no more serious charges.
There are no charges pending against commoners in any segment of this government.
There are more importance to the security of this country than the charges now pending against the Secretary of the Army,
that he is humbling commoners, and that he is attempting blackmail in order to cause legitimate hearing
of a regular committee of the United States Senate that he suspended,
and charges that he is holding as hostage, a private in the Army,
in order to compel the discontinuing of the investigations,
our commoners in subversiveness and government,
let the chairman of these charges are through.
There is no more importance work for this or any other committee to do in the Congress,
and to find out the truth of these charges, so that a corporate action may be immediately taken.
The Secretary of the Army is trying to discuss the general outline of the substantive motion
so that we can have all the information before it is for study.
So, Councils, are very distanced and also thinking about that to be...
Well, Mr. Chairman, am I wanting to be in general right now without...
Yes, I'll read it here, leaving out the time. It's very simple.
Shall we write it in a problem we buy the sum?
So, this will be the...
In subversiveness, the subsecretes motion,
that after each of the principles to this controversy,
as witnesses have testified in chief,
that each senator has, and this is subject to change,
one house for emphasis, six, ten minutes to be,
for interrogation of the witness,
and that each principle side, or their attorneys,
have four hours each for question instead, principle, and witness.
But all such time has expired, the witness shall then be excused.
The Chairman, I just want to make a very brief one.
Mr. Chairman, this does not affect the...
...the president rule that keeps Councils out,
and then is the question without time limitation,
and then is the question.
Chairman, I really want to make a brief observation at this time,
because I do believe that it is most important,
that comment he made so that all of us can have an opportunity
to think this matter over carefully,
when we meet tomorrow morning to vote on the motion by,
or the Secretary of the Senate of Illinois,
and my distinguished colleague from Arkansas's substitute motion.
I think that any change that has to be made in the rules,
should have as obvious subjective,
simple justice and fair play,
to all principles to this controversy.
I think it's understandable to the man in the street,
that when charges have been made in public against people,
those individuals have the right to refuse and publish.
The right to face the accusers, face the face,
is elementary justice in this country,
and from our British forebears for generations.
And I don't believe that we can substitute that objective,
but by providing an alternate means whereby that alleged objective
will be achieved over a typewriter interviewing witnesses.
Now, in the motion mentioned,
is made about interviewing witnesses.
All I can say is that the witnesses,
principles to this controversy of all,
have already been interviewed,
I take it that the motion ought to be reworded
to provide for the re-interview of what I sincerely believe
that the substitute motion offered by Senator McClellan
goes to the heart of this problem.
And that is to cut down unnecessary time on irrelevant issues.
Let us not cut down the principles to this controversy
and ask the right to be heard.
The right to a fair hearing.
There's something that I think we all understand
as an indispensable part of any kind of rules of their place.
Any other senator is there to be heard
on the subject matter before we proceed with the interviewing
of the witnesses to the chairman of the assembly?
I have a very short comment to make.
First, to me, the logic, and the reasoning behind the substitute amendment,
other distinguished senior senator from Arkansas, is unanswerable.
As a Jackson said,
that every public servant has the right to answer any charges made against him.
Every principle in this case happens to be a public servant.
I'd like to add one simple thought to that,
to anybody who expects to be of any use
in the service of their country in the future.
He not only has the right, he has the duty.
Any other senator is coming to start with the shared rules
that he should not call on in principle,
though that counsel at this time to express themselves,
but he will do so.
Tomorrow morning, before any goes to take it.
In fairness to Mr. Stevens, for example, he has not seen this motion
until he came to the committee meeting without a meeting.
He could have admitted to Hensel.
None of the principles I'm sure have heard the substitute's motion made
because Senator McCullough and the office for the first time here today.
That's correct.
However, you will listen to any other members of the committee
if they want to express themselves on this point.
And the part.
I think that Senator Dirkens was wise and postponed in action
on this resolution until tomorrow.
That's all important,
that Mr. Stevens and members of his team,
an opportunity to recover the resolution
and all the resolution,
the substitute resolution will be offered by Senator McCullough.
It's not easy.
There's no easy solution to this problem.
We've been the first piece today,
and the first witness is still on the same.
And I would just, I can well appreciate the.
The resolution that the secretary of law, Mr. Stevens, has been hungry.
During this 13-day break.
Now I have taken 15 days for Mr. Stevens.
He's still on the same.
I can't say where Mr. Adams or Senator McRatham and Mr. Colman and Mr. Car,
would be expected to be also standing in the last time,
then the 13-day.
So my simple risk of taking.
The secretary of law can do a hearing of an addition to a month.
Now I'm convinced that there's a great deal of reputation in the hearing.
And I hope that the whole can be eliminated.
And I'm hopeful that with other witnesses that are then invited by either side,
there will be a constant reputation of the testing order that has been given to folks.
I do think however, that all will pass.
Not to fall out.
In this case, therefore I hope that,
whatever device we use to expedite the speed up the hearing,
no way eliminated the full and impartial furnace to it.
I, if anybody has any panacea for bringing us about,
I know one number, but to me, I'd be more passionate to receive this home.
The question you have in you, right?
I can't avoid that, I can't say.
The chair believes, Mr. Secretary,
that if we engage the principles in this discussion,
now we may protect it for some time,
because obviously if I recognize you for that purpose,
and I will, if you insist,
I'll have to recognize some of the McCarthy and Mr. Barnes,
and be the hope of the chair,
that all principles and all council would make no precipice at this time,
on either of these suggestions in the hope,
that during the opportunity of courted you,
throughout the evening you could consult with your council,
perhaps to consult under the leadership of our council with each other,
in an effort to determine whether either of these suggestions
or a modification of them or a combination of them, some way.
Of course, I'll get to the director with that in the chair.